BACKSTORY:
An object of outer mind, passing through galactic dust, stars, planets, and galaxies.
Two aliens, Xphee and Shtirk, operate the object to their destiny.
Until they suddenly encountered an event that would put them in dread, with their operation, even they could not have stopped.
Which follows, they lose control, they accept, paralyzed, and now fall into the fate of space.
Not short, but it happened that they luckily met a solid planet that saved them from drifting forever in blinding black.
The planet gave them ground, but took their operation away, scattering important parts of it around the world.
The planet lent them fate, the space lent them fate, and now they will lend their lives fate to escape this planet of matter that never surrounded them before.

TUTORIAL:
Xphee and Shtirk enter the atmosphere…
Xphee: “Shtirk.”
Shtirk: “Xphee.”
Xphee: “Did you remember code (20)324^43?”
(If they said yes)
Xphee: “Really?.. Maybe I have put down your 3D kind too much. I hope you are not lying to me Shtirk, or we're going to be dead because of you!”
Xphee: “So are you lying?”
(If they said yes)
Xphee: "See I knew it! You are lying!"
Xphee: "Your 'Most Honest' title is being taken away after we get out of this planet!"

(If they said no)
Xphee: "Ok... but if you are lying you know you are ruining your best trait..."
Xphee: "B E I N G   H O N E S T ."

(If they said no)
Xphee: “Of course you didn’t. Only your 3D kind can forget about these codes, at least you are still trustable like always, and only good at.”
Xphee: “Let me tell you again…”
Xphee: “Code (20)324^43, is supposed to save us from crash landing on planets, Shtirk!”
Xphee: “This code tells us that: because this planet, from the looks of it, only has 3D lifeforms, we can use abilities like Magic, Strength, Speech, Tech, Drama, and Resistance against entities.”
Xphee: “But we still don’t know how we will change overtime in this world, so our abilities could weaken or gain throughout this world.”
Xphee: “But remember Shtirk, our skill over time will gain and give us versatility to our abilities.”
Xphee: “And just before we start adventuring. Not all abilities are effective on other abilities.”
Xphee: “Magic can’t affect Tech, Tech can’t affect Drama, Drama can’t affect Resist, Resist can’t affect Speech, Speech can’t affect Strength, and Strength can’t affect Magic.”
Xphee: “I hope you remembered this Shtirk…”
Xphee: “Look! This entity looks pretty weak, probably weak enough for you Shtirk.”
Xphee: “Or that I hope… But that doesn’t matter because I could just finish it off after you anyway…”
Xphee: “Look! This entity looks pretty weak, probably weak enough for you Shtirk.”
Xphee: “Or that I hope… But that doesn’t matter because I could just finish it off after you anyway…”
